the quality of its soils constitutes one of the great riches of this
municipality
so its economy is based on the agricultural aspect
highlighting mainly the cultivation of sugarcane
I said Guatemalan manifested with great sugar mills
and this is the third in Latin America behind brazil cuba
and it is among the eight largest exporters in the world
within the country's economy
faces his career represents 23% of the total of the currencies generated by the
these same traditional occupying a
play after coffee in the country
the sugar industry took off in guatemala in the early 60's
and there are currently 17 sugar mills throughout the country, with the majority concentrating
flat lands of the south pacific coast
nor my time of harvest can be observed in their fields a lot of
crews that are dedicated to cutting the cane look in london
michael sugar cane
the first place can
require the muffin
dt enlarges order to deception
Larry I have 30 hours this afternoon
the pri the person lend
event
from a preferred place to the beaches
the rector cerro colorado
taking everything
percent worker of the sector
we must make fun
the cmt beaten by
for each ton that people are costing
look here in what is a French component of other powers
fifty people
claim personal recognition
I love it in front of her and eight fronts
I'm working what hurts the most
at four in the morning
a truck of the mill collects to the dining rooms to take them to the field
you have to burn the street and and then start cutting
work adapt with the machete blunt the cannon to transport it to
ingenuity is hard nor does it get heavier with the sun
data avalan added
before the majority comparetore didier lombard
everyone is hot
for this time one of the others
the afternoon
and is that both in court
someone from October
the work packs
that one on the street
I said that until then
how is the environment
notwithstanding a famous analyze launch
the sector
3 dor
At dusk the cutters return to the galleys